To say my dad was quiet would be an understatement.  I've had life long friends
who never heard him utter a single word.  My closest friend tells the story of walking into my house many times over the years, to pick me up for some event.  Walking through the living room and always saying "Hi Mr. Lia" and my dad would respond with "hi".  One time after 12 years of doing this, she said "Hi Mr. Lia" and he said "hi, going shopping?" she did a double take...

My dad's explanation as to why he was so quiet was this... "I had 6 sisters, I couldn't get a word in edge wise",

My dad was also very easy going... and for the most part un-opinioned.  When given a choice on anything, from what kind of  dressing he wanted on his salad, or were he wanted to go on vacation.. he always answered with 
"I don't care"  or "I don't know" and he truly meant it.  When we were little, watching TV, we'd asked "Why did Lassie run away from home?", and it was always "How should I know".  But he was a wonderful dad.  He would drive my friends and I anywhere we wanted to go.  Do anything for us and because he was so quiet, he was good listener, especially for a teenage girl.

So it came as a surprise one day, when as a family we were watching TV, and during a biography of John Dillinger.. my dad piped up and said "Yeah I knew John Dillinger".  We all gave him a look like what are you talking about.  
We pursued it.  Yeah right!  "No, I knew John Dillinger".  Okay dad, this one you you have to talk about.  So he proceeded to tell this story.

When he was a teen in the 1930, he was hitckhiking home to Binghamton for the weekend, from the Corning or Elmira area, from working at a CCC camp in Van Etten doing forestry work.  He was picked up by a man and a women on route 17 in a nice black car.  During the drive the man questioned my dad, asking if he were brave, what would he do if someone pulled a gun on him.  I can only suppose my dad gave brief answers. then the man pulled out a gun and pointed it at him and asked if he should shoot him or if he was afraid now.  My dad said "I don't know, I don't think so, why would you want to, I'm only a boy".   The woman who was driving said "put the gun away John, you're scaring the boy".  My dad said he just sat there quietly for the rest of the ride, what could he do.  They let him off on Main St. near the arch in Johnson City.   My dad went straight home, went to bed without saying anything to anyone that night. But the next day in the newspaper, the headlines stated that John Dillinger and his gang had just passed through Binghamton the night before going east  and the police were in pursuit.  So my dad figured he had gotten a ride from John Dillinger. 

Over the years we would ask my dad to tell the story again and again trying to get more details.   You can imagine the first version was very terse.
That first time we didn't even get as many details that are in the paragraph above.  Eventually we got a few more details, but still the same short story. 

Recently I found the newspaper headine to confirm his story.  April 28, 1934, "Dillinger and Gang in Binghamton NY?"
 
Though my dad only told us that one story...  it was a good one.

Details about Sunday watching Wide World of Sports, then eating homemade pizza while watching Wild Kingdom, then Disney's Wonderful World of Color.
Possibly Watler Cronkite, You Were There, or some documentary on Dillinger

 You Are There Season 1 Episode 4
The Capture of John Dillinger  Aired Sunday 6:30 PM Feb 22, 1953 on CBS
Diane Lia